README.md, before:

*************************
# Erik Hartman Professional CV
*************************

Welcome to my interactive website, below youll get a brief introduction to the site concerning its information and some of the features that it contains.

In case you want to open the gitpod and traverse the site, use the following in the terminal to create your own browser:

`python3 -m http.server`

********************
## Table of Contents
1.  [Introduction](#Introduction)
2.  [Site Features](#Site-Features)
********************



********************
## Introduction

This is meant to be a beginning example of who I am and a little of what I can do. Ive been studying the ways of a full stack developer for a little more than a year. However, I have really found a calling with predictive analysis, data analysis and A:I: machine learning as it allows me to combine my extensive history in experimental research  (psychology) and data analysis with all the new exciting programming processes.

********************
## Site Features

Every page consists of a number of consistent features: 
- a colorful introductive header 
- a sidebar containing a picture of myself 
- interactive navigation buttons
- a footer containing 3 main sections (an about section, a download CV section and a social links section)
![Intro-Nave Bar Image](/assets/images/Intro-%20Nav%20bar.jpg)
![footer](/assets/images/footer.jpg)

********************
### Home Page

The main page consists of a sidebar displaying my contact information and a main section showing a little bit about me.
![home page](/assets/images/home%20page.jpg)

********************
### Resume Page


********************
### Interests Page


********************
### Github PAge


********************
### Contact Page


********************
### CV Download

Commit message:

added images and content to the readme, added maps link to the interest page, updated the CV link on all html pages including the nav bar link

README.md, after:

*************************
# Erik Hartman Professional CV
*************************

Welcome to my interactive website, below youll get a brief introduction to the site concerning its information and some of the features that it contains.

In case you want to open the gitpod and traverse the site, use the following in the terminal to create your own browser:

`python3 -m http.server`

********************
## Table of Contents
1.  [Introduction](#Introduction)
2.  [Site Features](#Site-Features)
3.  [Contact Me](#contact-me)
********************



********************
## Introduction

This is meant to be a beginning example of who I am and a little of what I can do. Ive been studying the ways of a full stack developer for a little more than a year. However, I have really found a calling with predictive analysis, data analysis and A:I: machine learning as it allows me to combine my extensive history in experimental research  (psychology) and data analysis with all the new exciting programming processes.

********************
## Site Features

Every page consists of a number of consistent features: 
- a colorful introductive header 
- a sidebar containing a picture of myself 
- interactive navigation buttons
- a footer containing 3 main sections (an about section, a download CV section and a social links section)
![Intro-Nave Bar Image](/assets/images/Intro-%20Nav%20bar.jpg)
![footer](/assets/images/footer.jpg)

********************
### Home Page

The main page consists of a sidebar displaying my contact information and a main section showing a little bit about me.
![home page](/assets/images/home%20page.jpg)

********************
### Resume Page

The Resume Page displays alot of pertenant professional information. The sidebar displays a work time line covering the last 20 years of both schooling and work employment. The main section gives a brief discription of what I have been studying and learning int he code institute as well as a color slidebar displaying the different languages and how comfortable I feel using them.
![Resume Page](/assets/images/resume.jpg)

********************
### Interests Page

The interests page tells a little more about my personal side. The sidebar contains a link to the city where I reside in, and the main seciton has 4 area's of information that round out my personal interests when Im not working.
![Interests Page](/assets/images/interests.jpg)

********************
### Github Page

The Github page is actually contains a search capeabilities for any Github user. The results will display their top respositories in alphabetical order. The image below shos the results when I am searched.
![Github Page](/assets/images/github.jpg)


********************
### Contact Page

The Contact page displays a form that when filled out will theoritically send a message to my email about your inquiry. There have been issues with Gmail security issues that have prevented inquiries from this site from being received, so it might be best to reach out to me the old fashioned way.
![Contact Page](/assets/images/contact.jpg)

********************
### CV Download

This link can be found on every page both in the nav bar and in the footer and will lead you to a downloadable version of my current CV.
![CV](/assets/images/cv.jpg)


********************
# Contact Me
